docs: Document publishing beta versions (#1863)
cozy/cozy-libs: packages/cozy-app-publish/README.md

--build-commit $BUILD_COMMIT
```

Published version is inferred from the tag set on current commit or the version defined in the manifest `version` property:

- If the current commit has no tag associated, then this is a dev version in the form `<manifest_version>-dev.<commit_sha><date>`

> - If the current commit has a beta tag `x.y.z-beta.n` or a stable tag ` x.y.z`, then this is a beta or stable version and the tag value is used as the version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the current commit has a beta tag `x.y.z-beta.n` or a stable tag `x.y.z`, then this is a beta or stable version and the tag value is used as the version
```

--manual-version 1.0.2-dev.042cef26d9d33ea604fe4364eaab569980b500c9
```

#### Publishing a beta version

Beta versions are only available through beta channel of the registry and are not automatically deployable on production instances. However a beta tester can

> force deployment of beta versions of a given (installed) app by clicking trhee times in a row on the app version in the app store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
force deployment of beta versions of a given (installed) app by clicking three times in a row on the app version in the Cozy store.
```

Are we sure we want to document publicly that stuff? I've nothing against it. :)

Author: Resolved in  4587fd0
